[WIP] [doc] performance/scalability revamp (#15723)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/perf_train_gpu_many.mdx

## Scalability Strategy

**⇨ Single Node / Multi-GPU**
* Model fits onto a single GPU:

    1. DDP - Distributed DP
    2. ZeRO - may or may not be faster depending on the situation and configuration used

* Model doesn't fit onto a single GPU:

    1. PP
    2. ZeRO
    3. TP

    With very fast intra-node connectivity of NVLINK or NVSwitch all three should be mostly on par, without these PP will be faster than TP or ZeRO. The degree of TP may also make a difference. Best to experiment to find the winner on your particular setup.

    TP is almost always used within a single node. That is TP size <= gpus per node.

* Largest Layer not fitting into a single GPU:

    1. If not using ZeRO - must use TP, as PP alone won't be able to fit.
    2. With ZeRO see the same entry for "Single GPU" above

**⇨ Multi-Node / Multi-GPU**

* When you have fast inter-node connectivity:

    1. ZeRO - as it requires close to no modifications to the model
    2. PP+TP+DP - less communications, but requires massive changes to the model

* when you have slow inter-node connectivity and still low on GPU memory:

    1. DP+PP+TP+ZeRO-1

## Data Parallelism

> Most users with just 2 GPUs already enjoy the increased training speed up thanks to `DataParallel` (DP) and `DistributedDataParallel` (DDP) that are almost trivial to use. This is a built-in feature of Pytorch. Note that in general it is adviced to use DDP as it is better maintained and works for all models while DP might fail for some models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most users with just 2 GPUs already enjoy the increased training speed up thanks to `DataParallel` (DP) and `DistributedDataParallel` (DDP) that are almost trivial to use. This is a built-in feature of Pytorch. Note that in general it is advised to use DDP as it is better maintained and works for all models while DP might fail for some models. [PyTorch documentation](https://pytorch.org/docs/master/generated/torch.nn.DataParallel.html) itself recommends the use of DDP.
```

> <!--Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.
```

* Model doesn't fit onto a single GPU:

    1. PP
    2. ZeRO
    3. TP

    With very fast intra-node connectivity of NVLINK or NVSwitch all three should be mostly on par, without these PP will be faster than TP or ZeRO. The degree of TP may also make a difference. Best to experiment to find the winner on your particular setup.

    TP is almost always used within a single node. That is TP size <= gpus per node.

* Largest Layer not fitting into a single GPU:

    1. If not using ZeRO - must use TP, as PP alone won't be able to fit.
    2. With ZeRO see the same entry for "Single GPU" above

**⇨ Multi-Node / Multi-GPU**

* When you have fast inter-node connectivity:

    1. ZeRO - as it requires close to no modifications to the model
    2. PP+TP+DP - less communications, but requires massive changes to the model

* when you have slow inter-node connectivity and still low on GPU memory:

    1. DP+PP+TP+ZeRO-1

## Data Parallelism

Most users with just 2 GPUs already enjoy the increased training speed up thanks to `DataParallel` (DP) and `DistributedDataParallel` (DDP) that are almost trivial to use. This is a built-in feature of Pytorch.

### DP vs DDP

> 

Reviewer: This should begin by replicating the warning from PyTorch encouraging users to use DDP over DP. DDP is better maintained by PyTorch and works for all models. Some of the models will fail with DP however.

Reviewer 2: I added a warning sentence. Is that what you had in mind?

Reviewer: Just added a suggestion on it, thanks!
